Add contributor guide (#198)
open-planning/roboplan: docs/source/getting_started/contributor_guide.rst

If you are making changes that you think could affect the examples, we also recommend manually running the relevant examples to check that they still work.
(Or even better, if you have ideas for automatically testing all the examples, that would be a great contribution!)

To generate the documentation on your end, ``cd`` to the ``docs`` subfolder of the repository.

First, install the requirements (we recommend using a virtual environment).

::

    pip3 install -r python_docs_requirements.txt

Then, build the documentation.

::

    rm -rf build/
    make html

You can view the generated documentation in your browser.

::

    open build/html/index.html

.. note::

   The C++ and Python API docs should be automatically generated for you when you build the docs!

When you submit a pull request, you can also access the built documentation from your branch from the `ReadTheDocs <https://about.readthedocs.com/>`_ CI job.

On Coding Assistant Usage
-------------------------

Coding assistants such as Claude Code, GitHub Copilot, etc. are totally fine to use!
However, please make sure you aren't just "vibe coding" large changes without checking your work.

> The maintainers reviewing your pull requests will push back on contributions that are obviously AI generated without verification.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be more strongly worded? Something like...

```suggestion
Coding assistants such as Claude Code, GitHub Copilot, etc. are powerful tools that contributors are welcome to use!
However, be advised that *you are ultimately responsible for your code*.
Please make sure you aren't just "vibe coding" changes without reviewing your work first.

The maintainers will close contributions that are obviously AI generated without verification.
```
